metrics summary link (#28862)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/custom_allocation_rules/_index.md

For determining the proportion of costs to be allocate, metrics can be aggregated on a daily or monthly basis. However, the costs themselves are still allocated on a daily basis.

> Tip: Review available metrics and tags in the [Metrics Summary][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review available metrics and tags in the [Metrics Summary][6].

[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/metric/summary
```
Since this content in a `tab` the link also needs to be in the tab to be reflected. Currently it breaks down when viewed in [staging](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/helenmtang/patch-1/cloud_cost_management/custom_allocation_rules/?tab=dynamicbymetricallocation)

[1]: /cloud_cost_management/tag_pipelines
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/cost/settings/custom-allocation-rules
[5]: https://www.datadoghq.com/support/

> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/metric/summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is not needed here.
